{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hiya, I\'92m Lou. Self-Proclaimed full stack JavaScript developer in the making. And now blogger too, it seems. \
\
While I\'92m still working on levelling up to become a kick-ass JavaScript developer, I\'92m a study skills lecturer for international students at the University of York. I develop modules, coordinate teams of tutors, and do the odd bit of teaching. I\'92ve worked in universities in Japan and Vietnam too - similar roles, but better food. \
\
I also worked in speech, hearing and phonetic science research for a couple of years at UCL, where I did an MPhil investigating how people understand variation in accents. I didn\'92t make any ground-breaking discoveries, but I did discover coding. Or rather, I was tossed into the deepens of coding without a lifeguard present. After a pretty steep learning curve with R, MATLAB and a dabble into Python, with some tears and a couple of light bulb moments, I was hooked. The power!!!\
\
So why a full stack developer, and not a data scientist?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Becoming a kick-ass data scientist was my first instinct when I decided that I wanted code for a living. But then I read lots of articles (such as this one by The Dataist and this one from Treehouse), and saw that web development is a better fit for me. I love coding all day to build things that people can use, rather than spending most of my time on research and then using code being a tool to analyse my data. Also, the R documentation is pretty impenetrable without a CS degree, whereas JavaScript is much more accessible, so I can spend more time coding instead of translating. Win win. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blog.teamtreehouse.com/what-types-of-developer-are-there"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://blog.teamtreehouse.com/what-types-of-developer-are-there}}\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://thedataist.com/the-difference-between-software-development-and-data-science/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://thedataist.com/the-difference-between-software-development-and-data-science/}}\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Why bother writing about becoming a kick-ass JavaScript developer, seeing as there\'92s so many learn to code blogs already?\
Mostly selfish on this one - writing about my experiences will help me reflect on and consolidate what I\'92m learning. I can track my progress, and future me can giggle at past me\'92s coding efforts. It\'92s not all selfish though - maybe sharing my experiences can help some other people out. Saying that, I expect that mum will probably be my main reader (hi mum!).\
\
}